okay this video is to show how to
install a galaxy note 2 ultra clear
screen protector from ismooth firstly
when you open up the kit you will find
there are a number of items in here
firstly these are what we call the dust
removal stickers which will help you get
lint and other particles from the screen
we do have some information about the I
smooth product line and also detailed
instructions now I definitely do
recommend reading over these
instructions and just looking especially
the tips there there's also a bit of a
thank you card which you can have a look
at later on and of course the large
screen protector screen cleaner
microfiber cloth it does cover the
entire phone so it is a nice size and
then the screen protectors themselves
now this installation is for our clear
version which is basically our latest
version now what we have done compared
to the green version here is you will
notice that the tabs for removal have
been removed from the bottom to the top
just through testing we have found that
it is much easier to install the note 2
if you use the tabs at the top and the
second thing is there as you'll notice
there is no green film on this one here
but it is very important to note there's
actually three pieces of plastic for
every screen protector which I will show
you in a minute ok so to start off the
very first thing to do is give your
phone a bit of a clean and a wipe and
then taking the actual protector itself
just practice placing it on the actual
screen just so you can get an idea of
how it should align the most important
things to look at is across the top here
you'll see when I do take the tab one
tap off that it makes sure it goes
around the little camera hole here
that's probably the most important thing
if you get that lined up it does become
a lot easier the other thing is to look
at is to see how it does go down the
sides now with the Galaxy phones the s3
and the note 2 the actual screen
themselves have very slight curvature
all the way around the edges and so the
screen protectors are actually designed
just to stop shorter that curvature if
they went all the way to the edges you
would find that the screen protector
itself would start to bubble and lift
over time and so obviously the last part
of it is to make sure that the screen
protector goes around the home button
but you will find it much easier to
start from the top ok so easy enough
again give the phone a bit of a wipe it
is better to have the phone turned off
it makes it a little easier to see and
simply start by removing tab one and
pulling it back about two inches
something like that and then just using
the tab two you can actually just place
it just slightly lining it up right now
the first thing I'm looking at is just
to make sure it's right around there
just making sure it looks pretty good
down the edges and it does look pretty
good yep and so as it to pull it all the
way down pull it off okay now there are
a few little bubbles that are formed and
we'll get to those in a little bit you
can actually just use in the cleaning
cloth you can just give it a bit of a
I'm pushing fairly hard fairly firmly
just to push out any bubbles and then
the next most important part here is
this tab is actually another piece of
plastic some people don't realize it and
try to pull the tab itself off but you
actually need to remove another film
here so very slowly pulling it back
because you are pulling away a piece of
plastic but if you pull too fast you
will actually pull the protector of
itself so as you can see it's coming off
just pull it down just like that so that
went off okay so now the actual screen
protector itself is on the the actual
phone now again using the screening
cloth just start pushing any bubbles to
the edges one thing that is important to
note with the note 2 and all of our
protectors is the first 5 to 10 minutes
they will feel a little bit tacky and
that's okay it's just as over time as
the area exposes it will go away and it
won't be as tacky
so basically pushing it like that all
the bubbles out now there is a right
here I do have a dust bubble now there's
a difference between an air bubble and a
dust bubble basically a dust bubble is
when there is a piece of lint stuck
under the the actual protector itself
and there's no way just rubbing you that
will actually get rid of it you actually
do have to remove it now to do that we
use the dust removal tattoo sticker and
it's very simple you can actually use it
just stick it onto the the actual
plastic just to pull it back okay and
just pull it out just so it was able to
lift it now using this actually just dab
on the actual screen itself and on the
back of the protector and what will
happen is those dust particles will
actually stick
the actual the actual sticker there's
another one there
and then they'll just come off I can
just gently let it go back in now there
it might have formed another few air
bubbles which it did I can just push
them out there's another one there
push that to the side you'll eat this
one more little piece of dust I want to
get out dab it like that but down and
now that one's gone push these last
bubbles to the side and again I am
passionate pressing fairly firm to get
them out you'll see the difference
between a dust bubble and an air bubble
air bubbles obviously have no lint
underneath them and you'll see that
pretty easily okay and there we go
there's a perfect installation of our
note 2 screen protector there are no
bubbles anywhere on that at all thank
you